Pen (n.) An instrument used for writing with ink  , formerly made of a reed , or of the quill of a goose or other bird , but now also of other materials , as of steel  , gold  , etc. Also , originally , a stylus or other instrument for scratching or graving.

ink (n.) A fluid , or a viscous material or preparation of various kinds (commonly black or colored) , used in writing or printing.

Writing (p. pr. & vb. n.) of Write

Write (v. t.) To set down , as legible characters; to form the conveyance of meaning; to inscribe on any material by a suitable instrument; as , to write the characters called letters; to write figures.

Material (a.) Consisting of matter; not spiritual; corporeal; physical; as , material substance or bodies.

Pencil (v. t.) To write or mark with a pencil; to paint or to draw.

iron (n.) An instrument or utensil made of iron ; -- chiefly in composition; as , a flatiron , a smoothing iron  , etc.

instrument (n.) That by means of which any work is performed , or result is effected; a tool; a utensil; an implement; as , the instruments of a mechanic; astronomical instruments.

Tool (n.) An instrument such as a hammer  , saw , plane , file , and the like , used in the manual arts , to facilitate mechanical operations; any instrument used by a craftsman or laborer at his work; an implement; as , the tools of a joiner , smith , shoe-maker , etc.; also , a cutter , chisel , or other part of an instrument or machine that dresses work.

Hammer (n.) An instrument for driving nails , beating metals , and the like , consisting of a head , usually of steel or iron  , fixed crosswise to a handle.

Astronomical (a.) Of or pertaining to astronomy ; in accordance with the methods or principles of astronomy .

Astronomy (n.) The science which treats of the celestial bodies , of their magnitudes , motions , distances , periods of revolution , eclipses , constitution , physical condition , and of the causes of their various phenomena.

Science (n.) Any branch or department of systematized knowledge considered as a distinct field of investigation or object of study; as , the science of astronomy  , of chemistry  , or of mind.

Chemistry (n.) That branch of science which treats of the composition of substances , and of the changes which they undergo in consequence of alterations in the constitution of the molecules , which depend upon variations of the number , kind , or mode of arrangement , of the constituent atoms. These atoms are not assumed to be indivisible , but merely the finest grade of subdivision hitherto attained. Chemistry deals with the changes in the composition and constitution of molecules. See Atom , Molecule.

Biology (n.) The science of life; that branch of knowledge which treats of living matter as distinct from matter which is not living; the study of living tissue. It has to do with the origin , structure , development , function , and distribution of animals and plants.
