Hamburg (n.) A commercial city of Germany ,  near the mouth of the Elbe.

German (n.) A native or one of the people of  Germany .

Germany (n.) Germany is a country in western-central Europe . 

European (n.) A native or an inhabitant of Europe .

Europe (n.)  Europe is, by convention, one of the world's seven continents .

Continent (a.) One of the grand divisions of land on the globe; the main land; specifically (Phys. Geog.), a large body of land differing from an island, not merely in its size, but in its structure, which is that of a large basin bordered by mountain chains; as, the continent of North America. Europe is one of the continents .  

Continents (pl.) See Continent . 

Beethoven (n.) Ludwig Van Beethoven is a German composer and pianist . 

Mozart (n.) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is a German composer of the Classical era .

Turkey (n.) Turkey is a transcontinental country , located mostly on Anatolia in Western Asia and on Southeastern Europe . 

Turkish (n.) Something of, from, or related to Turkey , a country in Eurosia . 

Composer (n.) One who composes; an author. Specifically, an author of a piece of music .

Music (n.) The science and the art of tones, or musical sounds, i. e., sounds of higher or lower pitch, begotten of uniform and synchronous vibrations, as of a string at various degrees of tension; the science of harmonical tones which treats of the principles of harmony , or the properties, dependences, and relations of tones to each other; the art of combining tones in a manner to please the ear .

Art (n.) The application of skill to the production of the beautiful by imitation or design, or an occupation in which skill is so employed, as in painting and sculpture; one of the fine arts; as, he prefers art to literature . Music is also art . 

Science (n.) Any branch or department of systematized knowledge considered as a distinct field of investigation or object of study; as, the science of astronomy , of chemistry , or of mind.

Chemistry (n.) That branch of science which treats of the composition of substances, and of the changes which they undergo in consequence of alterations in the constitution of the molecules, which depend upon variations of the number, kind, or mode of arrangement, of the constituent atoms. These atoms are not assumed to be indivisible, but merely the finest grade of subdivision hitherto attained. Chemistry deals with the changes in the composition and constitution of molecules. See Atom, Molecule.

Astronomy (n.) The science which treats of the celestial bodies, of their magnitudes, motions, distances, periods of revolution, eclipses, constitution, physical condition, and of the causes of their various phenomena.

Ankara (n.) Ankara is the capital of Turkey and the country's second largest city after istanbul . 

Anatolia (n.) Anatolia, also known as Asia Minor, denotes the westernmost protrusion of Asia , comprising the majority of the Republic of Turkey . 

istanbul (n.) istanbul is the largest city in Turkey . 

