Daffodil (n.) A plant of the genus Narcissus (N. Pseudo-narcissus). It has a bulbous root and beautiful flowers , usually of a yellow hue. Called also daffodilly , daffadilly , daffadowndilly , daffydowndilly , etc.

Narcissus (n.) A beautiful youth fabled to have been enamored of his own image as seen in a fountain , and to have been changed into the flower called Narcissus.

Pieplant (n.) A plant (Rheum Rhaponticum) the leafstalks of which are acid , and are used in making pies; the garden rhubarb.

Pineapple (n.) A tropical plant (Ananassa sativa); also , its fruit ; -- so called from the resemblance of the latter , in shape and external appearance , to the cone of the pine tree. Its origin is unknown , though conjectured to be American .

Plant (n.) A vegetable ; an organized living being , generally without feeling and voluntary motion , and having , when complete , a root , stem , and leaves , though consisting sometimes only of a single leafy expansion , or a series of cellules , or even a single cellule.

Flower (n.) In the popular sense , the bloom or blossom of a plant; the showy portion , usually of a different color , shape , and texture from the foliage.

Vegetable (n.) A plant . See Plant .

Cabbage (n.) An esculent vegetable of many varieties , derived from the wild Brassica oleracea of Europe. The common cabbage has a compact head of leaves. The cauliflower , Brussels sprouts , etc. , are sometimes classed as cabbages.

Cauliflower (n.) An annual variety of Brassica oleracea , or cabbage , of which the cluster of young flower stalks and buds is eaten as a vegetable .

Lettuce (n.) A composite plant of the genus Lactuca (L. sativa) , the leaves of which are used as salad. Plants of this genus yield a milky juice , from which lactucarium is obtained. The commonest wild lettuce of the United States is L. Canadensis.

American (a.) Of or pertaining to America ; as , the American continent : American Indians.

America (n.) The United States of America , a country in North America .

Country (adv.) A tract of land; a region; the territory of an independent nation; (as distinguished from any other region , and with a personal pronoun) the region of one's birth , permanent residence , or citizenship.

Region (n.) Place ; rank; station .

Place (n.) Any portion of space regarded as measured off or distinct from all other space , or appropriated to some definite object or use; position; ground; site; spot; rarely , unbounded space.

Space (n.) Place  , having more or less extension; room.

Europe (n.)  Europe is , by convention , one of the world's seven continents .

Continent (a.) One of the grand divisions of land on the globe; the main land; specifically (Phys. Geog.) , a large body of land differing from an island , not merely in its size , but in its structure , which is that of a large basin bordered by mountain chains; as , the continent of North America . Europe is one of the continents .  

Continents (pl.) See Continent . 

